There you are.
Mr. Chen
This is Tony Ma from Penguin Group.
Haha, hello, hello.
That's our Mr. Yang over there, looking at Mr. Yang
This is Mr. Tang and Mr. Xu
Mr. Tang and Mr. Xu
Haha, Mr. Bell Fan
first meeting
I really feel that you are young and promising when I see you
Wow so young
The career is still doing so well
Especially oops
Why is this skin so well maintained?
Haha, is it Tony?
Xiao Su, why are you here today?
I am Mr. Fan's secretary
Of course, take good care of Mr. Fan
Those who came today are all famous people
But don't scare you.
Don't worry, no haha.
Oh oh oh please sit down that please sit down please sit down please sit down
We, Penguin Group, will cooperate with you in turn.
It's really shining.
I ask someone to do it first as a respect
This is a partner with you.
This wine has to be drunk
But just mean it.
Humph ok ok
Thank you, Vice President
Hey this silly girl no
So much delicious food on the table
Why don't they eat?
Take your time, I'll toast you
Cheers to our pleasant cooperation.
OK
How can this body stand eating and drinking like this?
Hey, Mr. Fan, my old Xu
Toast to you
Haha do it
God drink
Okay, drink less alcohol.